class BankAccount:
    def__init__(self, 
account_number,
account_holder_name,
initial_balance):
        self._account_number =
account_number
self._account_holder_name =
account_holder_name
        self._account_balance
= initial_balance  
    def deposit(self,amount):
         if amount > 0:
self._account_balance +=
amount 
            print(f"Deposited
${amount}. New balance: $
{self._account_balance}")
        else:
            print("Invalid 
deposit amount. Please enter a
positive amount.")
    def withdraw(self,
amount) :
         if(amount > 0 and 
amount <=
self._account_balance:
self._account_balance -=
amount 
            print(f"withdraw $
{amount}. New balance: $
{self. _account_balance}")
         elif amount <= 0:
             print("Invalid 
withdrawal amount. Please 
enter a positive amount.")
        else:
print("Insufficient funds for 
withdrawal.")
    def display_balance(self):
        print(f"Account
Holder:
{self._account_holder_name}")
        print(f"Account
Balance: $
{self._account_balance}")
# creating an instance of the 
BankAccount class
account =
BankAccount("1234567890",
"John Doe", 1000.0)

# Testing deposit and
withdrawal functionality
account.display_balance()
account.deposit(500.0)
account.withdraw(200.0)

account.display_balance()
